Generate MANIFEST entries with project information (#359)
smallrye/smallrye-parent: README.adoc

* `java11.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 11 JDK installation
* `java12.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 12 JDK installation
* `java13.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 13 JDK installation

> * `java14.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 13 JDK installation
> * `java15.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 13 JDK installation
> * `java16.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 13 JDK installation
> * `java17.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 13 JDK installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `java14.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 14 JDK installation
* `java15.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 15 JDK installation
* `java16.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 16 JDK installation
* `java17.home`: this property must be set to the location of a Java 17 JDK installation
```

Author: Ops missed that. Thank you!
